In this lesson you will learn how to use displaying annotation that is also very helpful in making your
test names easy to understand and also less technical.
Let's run our test methods and see how they look.
So I'll scroll up and I will run all test methods in their class.
So here's the test report and we see that the class name is called Calculator a test.
And then we see a name of each test method.
And the name of the test method appears in the test report exactly as we have named it in the test class.
And it looks very technical.
So if needed, we can make this test method names and also the name of the test class look less technical
in the test report.
And to do that we use this name annotation.
So let's see how it works.
I will add this plane name above the class name first.
And in double quotes, I'll provide a name that I want to see in the report.
For example, this month Aberrations in Calculator Class.
So now if I run test medicine this class, I should see test math operations in calculator class instead
of calculator test.
Okay, so let's add display name above other test methods as well.
This one, I will call test four divided by two.
For example, this one will be division by zero.
And since this test method is not implement, I will intentionally fail.
And we have integer subtraction.
I will call this test method.
33.
Takeaway one equals 32.
All right.
So now, instead of very long test names like this one, for example, we should see a shorter and less
technical test names.
Now, let's execute this test methods and see how they look.
And here we go.
The Times report now looks a lot less technical and more friendly.
We can read it and understand what exactly we are doing.
Here is the name of the test class.
Test my preparations in calculator class and here are display names of each of our test methods.
As you can see with displaying them on station, our test method becomes much more easier to read.
All right, so everything is working well for us, and we're good to continue.